Assignment Name - Typescript
Problem Statement -
As a solution to this problem statement, you are supposed to create Classes for
following scenarios, create the necessary properties, constructor and methods and then
demonstrate the use of the class by creating an object of the same and printing
messages in console of the website as output.

1) Youtube Video Class​ - Go to youtube.com and look at a video page. Now, try and
create a class with properties(for example: video title) and methods(for example :
getNumberofViews) with proper types using typescript. Think of as many properties and
methods as you can imagine and write all of them.
2) Social Profile Class - ​Go to facebook.com profile page, about section. Now try and
create a class with properties (like birthday) and methods(like getAge()) with proper
types using typescript. Think of as many properties and methods as you can imagine
and write all of them.
Here are some important points -
1) In some cases, if you come across a method name (for example:
getRelatedVideos() in case of youtube class) where you don’t know the
implementation. You can just leave it to method declaration. Just declare the
name and in implementation, just print a console message. The idea is to push
your imagination as much as possible, rather than struggling with trivial JS
implementation.
2) You are supposed to submit the code with full folders. Just like taught in the
videos i.e your folder must contain the HTML file, TS file and compiled JS file as
well. Upload it all on a github repository.

Evaluation Basis
This project will be evaluated on following basis -
1) Typescript code - ​Your Typescript code should follow the best practices taught
to you in the level and should use modern javascript as much as possible.
2) Intuitive Thinking and Creativity - ​ You will get marks for intuitive thinking and
creativity. So try to be as creative as you can.
3) Originality of code - ​Your code will be checked for plagiarism and if it's not
original, it will be discarded with a negative skill score.
Deliverables from Candidate
1) A Text File containing the link of Github repository containing all your code along with
images and other resources used in your website.
Warning​ - Do not submit incomplete or wrong assignments. They will result in
negative skill score. Also, you will not a get a second attempt at the assignment!
So whatever score you get will be the final score
